# Change Log
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).

## [Unreleased]
Nothing to record here.

## [0.4.4] - 2020-11-09
###
- Add a feature to use a keyword as an argument for `list`. (#47)

## [0.4.3] - 2020-11-08
### Added
- Add a new command `export` to write out a note into a file. (#51)
- Add individual help for each command. (#42)

### Fixed
- Fix `add` fails without modification (#48)

## [0.4.2] - 2020-11-05
### Added
- Add a feature to keep the timestamp in `update` command. (#44)

### Fixed
- Fix issue #45: hanging up of `add` command.

## [0.4.1] - 2020-11-04
### Added
- Add a feature to accept a timestamp in `add` command. (#34)

## [0.4.0] - 2020-11-03
### Added
- Add a new command `search` to perform full text search. (#33)

## [0.3.1] - 2020-10-30
### Added
- Add feature to specify configuration file in the command line. (#21)

## [0.3.0] - 2020-10-29
### Added
- Add feature to read argument from the standard input. (#27)

## [0.2.2] - 2020-10-27
### Added
- Add feature to accept a timestamp pattern in `list` command. (#22)

## [0.2.1] - 2020-10-25
### Added
- Add feature to load the configuration from an external file.
- Add description about the configuration file in README.md

## [0.2.0] - 2020-10-23
### Added
- Add more commands (add/update/delete).
  - Add and update commands use a external editor to edit a note.
  - Delete command remove the specified note from the repository.
- Add a new task into `Rakefile` to generate RI docs.
  - The intention of the task is to verify RI docs.

### Fixed
- Refactor some tests.

## [0.1.3] - 2020-10-15
### Fixed
- Add help text for the `conf` command.

## [0.1.2] - 2020-10-15
### Fixed
- Adapt the API change in `textrepo` (0.4.0).

## [0.1.0] - 2020-10-12
### Added
- Import files those are part of `examples` in the `textrepo` gem.
  - All commands in the example version works fine.
  - Wrote tests for all commands.
- All files those are generated by `bundler`.
- Add CHANGELOG.md to start recording changes.
